Alright, let's shoot.
Chest out a bit more.
Mamiya-san.
Show the same attitude you
have when greeting customers.
Imagine there's a customer in front of you.
Yes.
Ah, that's good.
(Go for it!)
Ugh...
Why do I have to be in it too?
Very good.
Alright, let's shoot.
Okay, let's take a group photo.
Mamiya-san, please.
Alright, then I'll leave it to you.
Okay.
How about you try looking at each other?
Ah, that's nice.
Ah, perfect.
Wonderful.
A little closer, Mamiya-san.
Good, good.
(ROMY FEERIQUE JAPAN)
Ugh, my shoulders are stiff
from doing things I'm not used to...
Anyway, why did I have
to be in the shoot too?
Isn't this the ad you took on?
What does it matter?
Isn't this a great opportunity
to promote male BA jobs?
Well, that's true, but...
I'm not like you, who used to be a model.
I'm amazed you can stay so calm
with so many cameras and eyes on you.
Because that's what I used to do.
How irritating.
Natsume-san.
You were really nervous
just now, weren't you?
No, I wasn't.
- No, you clearly were.
- I said I wasn't!
I... I'm sorry.
Excuse me, are you Mamiya-san?
The winner of the the Rookie of the Year
award in management at the awards ceremony?
That's me...
It really is you!
Um... I'm a first-year BA this year.
I read your article in
the in-house magazine.
I really want to be like Mamiya-san too.
Um... I...
I'll do my best!
Thank you.
Go for it!
Okay.
Excuse me.
Huh...
It's my first time hearing someone
say something like that to me.
It seems there are quite a few rookies
who are influenced by Natsume-san.
That wasn't my intention.
Regardless of your
intention, that's how it is.
Huh?
Well then, let's get back to our work.
Mm.
My job is a BA, as in...
Beauty Advisor.
Also commonly known as...
a 'beauty consultant'.
I've been a BA for five years now.
Currently,
I'm the chief manager at this Romy Feerique
Yurakucho store.
From skincare advice to
cosmetic recommendations,
we connect with customers through 'beauty',
and make them smile.
That's what we, BAs, do.
Welcome.
Are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like to try the new lipstick.
The one on the poster.
Ah, thank you.
I'll show you right away.
Before,
at this very store,
I was forced to team up with
Sahashi as the 'Two Princes' for sales.
And that Sahashi, now...
has become Romy's exclusive makeup artist.
Here you go.
Thank you.
This is a natural coral shade.
I think it's a very easy color to wear.
Hey.
Are you and Mamiya getting along?
There's nothing for you to worry about.
Oh dear.
If you two fight, I...
could use 'worrying about Mamiya'
as an excuse to get closer to him.
I won't give you the chance.
Just kidding, just kidding.
But it's nice, isn't it?
Coming home,
to a life with Mamiya there.
Unlike me, I'm always alone.
Don't you have anyone?
If you'd be willing to give Mamiya to me...
I said I was just kidding!
Don't glare at me like that.
And I...
am now with Sahashi...
living together.
I can do it myself.
It's fine.
It feels so good...
Hey.
When you were a rookie,
did you have anything that bothered you?
Why are you asking that all of a sudden?
No, it's nothing.
I just thought maybe you went
through something back then too.
Well...
Natsume-san is too much of a workaholic.
Working hard is natural, isn't it?
- I just think you could do better.
- Mind your own business.
I...
I've never lied to you about work.
You really are excellent.
At most, you just feel tired, right?
Well, I'm sorry about that.
That's totally useless.
Huh?
No...
I just remembered that
rookie who spoke to me today.
I read your article in
the in-house magazine.
I really want to be like Mamiya-san too.
Are you that concerned about that rookie?
No...
It's not what you think.
How should I put it...
Up until now,
I've only focused on my own counter,
and my customers.
I just wanted to become
the ideal BA for myself.
Not for anyone else.
But...
You take this color and put it here.
What do you think?
Just like how I admired
Tanouchi-san when I was a child,
the thought that there might
be juniors looking up to me,
makes me want to become an even better BA.
If I become Romy's number one BA,
could someone like me
help those struggling on the front lines?
Or help those who are hesitant
about entering this profession?
Something like that.
Natsume-san, you can definitely do it.
What about you?
Do you have any goals?
Like, what kind of person do
you want to become in the future?
As long as I can make
Natsume-san think I'm amazing,
I'm fine with anything.
You're always like this.
But, I mean, if...
If I become Romy's number one BA,
then,
if you could also become the
number one makeup artist...
It feels like a dream.
If it's Natsume-san's dream,
I'll make it come true.
To be number one.
You said it.
You can't go back on your word.
Okay.
Hey, that was a surprise attack.
So, how about a proper kiss?
That's not what I meant...
"Cosmetic Playlover" Season 2
(Episode 1)
What do you think?
- It's beautiful.
- Right?
Then, please try this color too.
- I'll remove this for you first.
- Okay.
Sir.
The new product samples are almost used up.
I'll go ahead and order
more to replace them.
Thank you.
Okay.
- Thank you.
Natsume-kun, good work.
You too, good work.
Tanouchi-san is...
someone I used to admire.
He was also the reason I became a BA.
I was doing sales rounds nearby,
so I stopped by to restock the samples.
Oh, thank you very much.
I was just about to
place an additional order.
The new products seem to be selling well.
Yes, thanks to everyone's support.
Oh, by the way, did you know?
Emma Lauren is coming to Japan from Paris.
Huh?
She's holding a workshop to train
Japanese makeup artists.
Of course, Sahashi is also
one of the workshop participants.
He didn't say anything...
No, he hasn't been informed of this yet.
It was decided to coincide with
her sudden decision to visit Japan.
Headquarters should contact him today.
What?
So you found out first, huh...
Mm.
Today, Tanouchi-san...
Well, it's amazing to be able to participate
in a workshop with Romy's top makeup artist.
Yeah, well...
I think it's a good opportunity,
but the annoying thing
is Nanjo-san is there too.
Huh? Nanjo-san is going too?
How has Nanjo-san been lately?
He's been incredibly energetic.
Energetic to the point
of being a bit annoying.
Is Emma-san... still mad at me?
No, it's not that.
Remember that one time,
I canceled on Emma-san at
the last minute for dinner?
I'm sorry.
I can't make it.
Something urgent came up.
I'm sorry.
Natsume-kun!
I really need to apologize for that.
But she probably doesn't even remember me.
She's the kind of person...
I don't think she'd
mind something like that.
Why?
Do you two know each other?
Um...
Anyway, what do you want for dinner?
Huh?
Oh, right.
During the workshop, I
can leave work at 5 PM.
What would you like to
eat? I can make it every day.
You're changing the subject!
It's past ten already.
It's been a while since I slept so soundly.
Mm.
Hey.
Since it's your day off, how
about we go out for lunch?
A date?
Yeah, something like that.
There's a good place nearby that I know of.
Oh? Really?
Then let's go there.
This is it.
Oh, nice.
- Let's go.
- Mm.
Toma!
Bonjour!
Hello.
Huh?!
I'm Emma Lauren.
Nice to meet you.
Um...
I'm...
Mamiya Natsume.
Huh?
You're the one who stood me
up at the last minute, aren't you?
I'm very sorry.
At that time, there were
some circumstances...
Wait, you speak Japanese?
Emma's mother is Japanese.
Her husband is also Japanese.
Oh...
So you two really do know each other.
So?
What was so important that it was more
important than having dinner with me?
That's because...
Because he came to me.
He said he wanted to
make up after our fight.
So he was quite restless.
You...
Oh dear.
So you mean Toma is more important than me?
At that time...
I absolutely wanted to be with him...
So...
I'm truly very sorry.
You don't have to apologize so formally.
Natsume, you're really honest.
Natsume, why did you join Romy?
Ah.
Because my mother was
a Romy beauty consultant.
I've admired this job since I was little.
I see.
Do you like this job?
Do you have any plans for the future?
Yes, I do.
My dream is to become
Romy's top beauty consultant.
Excellent.
You shine so brightly.
Just as Tanouchi-kun said.
Full of hope.
And so honest.
You'll definitely be fine.
Go for it!
Yes!
Merci.
Compared to him,
you're still as charmless as ever, Toma.
I thought you might have
become a little more likable.
Really?
But my temper is much
better than it was back then.
Huh?
Why is the atmosphere so tense?
Natsume, listen to me.
During the last workshop,
Toma, he was...
really, really unlikable.
So you two really met before during
the workshop...
Even when I personally trained him,
he looked completely distracted.
I didn't know if he was even listening.
But his technique and taste
weren't bad, surprisingly.
It was so frustrating.
At that time,
I was fighting with Natsume-san,
so I couldn't focus on the training.
You...
I'm sorry...
But this time,
your work ability has been recognized,
and you've joined my workshop team.
That means I wasn't wrong about you, right?
I admit you have the potential to shine.
That's why I wanted to
talk to you properly this time.
Toma, what about you?
What are your plans for the future?
As a Romy makeup artist, I also want to...
Do you mean...
you want to become a top makeup artist?
Don't make me laugh.
You can't do it as you are now.
It's absolutely impossible
for you to become the best.
You'll hit a wall sooner or later.
Then...
what should I do?
Toma...
It seems you're serious
about becoming the best.
Alright, Toma.
Stay after the workshop,
and I'll train you.
Huh...
Hey, what's with that expression?
Hey, Toma...
Is just the workshop not enough?
- After all, isn't the workshop for...
- Don't underestimate me.
I'm incredibly busy.
I even made time especially for you.
So?
Are you unwilling?
It's not that I'm unwilling...
It's just that I already have plans.
What are you talking about, Toma?
An opportunity like this is rare,
you need to take advantage.
Is it really okay to take on
Emma's personal training too?
Of course.
It's personal guidance
from a top makeup artist!
But... I was planning to cook dinner for
Natsume-san while the workshop was happening.
Huh?
- Don't tell me your 'plans' refer to this?
- Yeah.
I thought I could have dinner ready for you
when you came home during the workshop.
That kind of thing doesn't matter.
This is such a rare opportunity.
Do your best.
I really like it when
Natsume-san says 'Go for it'.
It really makes me feel like I can do it.
Then...
Do you want me to say it again?
Mm.
Go for it.
OK.
Toma.
Go for it.
OK.
Huh...
Maybe I shouldn't meddle too much?
Hm?
The training with Emma-san.
I think you should go.
But maybe... you might not want to do it.
Because sometimes I jump
to conclusions too quickly.
Not at all.
I think what Emma said makes a lot of sense.
And not many people correct me like that.
I'm quite interested.
It's just that...
I said I'd cook dinner and wait
for Natsume-san to come home.
I just hate not being
able to keep my promises.
That's fine.
Go and study well.
Yes!
And then,
Emma's workshop began.
To improve your skills,
you need to increase your knowledge,
and accumulate practical experience.
Today, I'd like you to do makeup
for the models for the in-house show.
Models have different skin tones,
and bone structures.
The kind of makeup artist who shows
how nervous they are just because
it's your first time working with
someone, is a failure.
No matter what kind of
model is in front of you,
you must be able to
instantly plan their makeup.
Alright.
Allons-y.
OK.
Still the same Spartan training, huh?
Nice to meet you.
Toma.
He's probably still doing his training.
Hello?
Natsume-san.
I thought you should be
leaving the store by now.
Huh?
Are you secretly watching me somewhere?
No way.
I'm just on a break right now.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
I see.
What did you do today?
It felt more like a real-life
situation than a workshop.
Now, I'm the only one left.
Huh?
The whole team's skill level is very high.
I'm actually the least experienced one...
But for some reason...
You're happy?
Yes.
Maybe I caught
Natsume-san's fever for working.
As long as you're happy.
That's true.
Well then...
I should probably head back.
Oh.
Go for it!
I really do love your encouragement.
Hey you!
But still, go for it.
Okay.
Mm.
Toma.
Ah.
Sorry, I'll head right back.
I have something important to tell you.
You're so slow.
Toma.
Good work. How was
Emma's personal training...?
Natsume-san...
I love you.
So suddenly... what's wrong?
I just suddenly wanted to say it...
Mm...
What's wrong?
Can't sleep?
Did something happen during the workshop?
No...
I just want to be with Natsume-san
like this for a little longer.
How should I put it?
This unusual sense of unease.
Did something happen?
Natsume-san?
You...
look tired.
Let me pamper you once in a while too.
(Next Episode)
Emma-san, is she seriously seeing him as...
Emma.
Toma.
So, what does Natsume think?
About Toma?
Natsume-san, can I
talk to you for a moment?